well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we are going to talk about uh
logistics and talking points and how
politicians talking points don't
actually change reality
doesn't matter how well they phrase it
what cute little metaphor or analogy
they use
doesn't change reality it is
what it is to talk about this we are
going to discuss
something we talked about last week
provide a little update on it
if you don't know governor desantis gave
a little speech referencing martin
county and their school teachers
and in it there was a comparison made
that let's just say i took issue with
he said just as the seal surmounted
obstacles to bring obl to justice so too
would the martin county school system
find a way to provide parents with a
meaningful choice of in-person
instruction or continued distance
learning
all in all the time man that sounds good
i don't necessarily think it's fair to
expect our teachers to improvise
on the level that seals do not because
they don't have the dedication but
because they don't have the training
they don't have the funding they don't
have the logistical support or the
planning
it's not what they train to do they
train to be teachers and they're
i went through this before
the martin county public school
teachers union president said describe
the situation
as a logistical nightmare beyond silly
and poor planning
the governor's fine words and
motivational speech
urging people half a league onward
changed nothing
there was no backup provided and the
result of that is
292 students quarantined along with
another 16 employees
a large portion of american politicians
have taken
the strategy of trying to talk their way
through this
just keep people moving keep the economy
going because that's what this is about
this is why
those in political office keep pushing
to reopen the schools
it's not really because they care about
a student's education if they did the
schools would be properly funded
has nothing to do with that it has to do
with providing
parents a babysitter so parents can go
back to work
that's what they care about
at the end of the day it's
self-destructing
because the longer this drags on the
more we reopen and close the worse the
economy is going to get
perhaps instead of making cute speeches
the governor could get
on the horn with senators and
representatives you know those people
who are
in theory supposed to be representing
the people of florida in dc
and suggest that we get a plan that
provides people
the economic assistance they need so
they can stay home with their kids
because that's what it's going to take
otherwise this is going to continue to
drag on
there's a reason those countries that
shut down in unison
and stayed shut down and shut down
deeper they're already kind of out of it
they're doing much better
cute speeches don't change reality and
there's a hundred seventy thousand
people in this country who could
attest to that but they can't anymore
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day